# tim

tim is a chat bot built on the [Hubot][hubot] framework. It was initially generated by [generator-hubot][generator-hubot], and configured to be deployed on [Heroku][heroku] to get you up and running as quick as possible.

This README is intended to help get you started. Definitely update and improve to talk about your own instance, how to use and deploy, what functionality he has, etc!

[heroku]: http://www.heroku.com
[hubot]: http://hubot.github.com
[generator-hubot]: https://github.com/github/generator-hubot


### Deploying feds-tim
In order to run locally or deploy, you need our slack API key
After you have it, run tim locally like so:

`HUBOT_SLACK_TOKEN=SLACK_TOKEN_HERE bin/hubot --adapter slack --port 8001`

If you are satisfied with your changes, and want do deploy, you will need permissions to our heroku repo.

Once you have permissions, you push to heroku master like so :
 
 `git push heroku master` and tim reloads with new changes
 
 Until you have permissions, contact @altryne for updating hubot.
 
### Running tim Locally

You can test your hubot by running the following.

You can start tim locally by running:

    % bin/hubot

You'll see some start up output about where your scripts come from and a
prompt:

    [Sun, 04 Dec 2011 18:41:11 GMT] INFO Loading adapter shell
    [Sun, 04 Dec 2011 18:41:11 GMT] INFO Loading scripts from /home/tomb/Development/hubot/scripts
    [Sun, 04 Dec 2011 18:41:11 GMT] INFO Loading scripts from /home/tomb/Development/hubot/src/scripts
    Hubot>

Then you can interact with tim by typing `tim help`.

    tim> tim help

    tim> animate me <query> - The same thing as `image me`, except adds a few
    convert me <expression> to <units> - Convert expression to given units.
    help - Displays all of the help commands that Hubot knows about.
    ...


### Scripting

An example script is included at `scripts/example.coffee`, so check it out to
get started, along with the [Scripting Guide](https://github.com/github/hubot/blob/master/docs/scripting.md).

For many common tasks, there's a good chance someone has already one to do just
the thing.

### hubot-scripts

There will inevitably be functionality that everyone will want. Instead
of writing it yourself, you can check
[hubot-scripts][hubot-scripts] for existing scripts.

To enable scripts from the hubot-scripts package, add the script name with
extension as a double quoted string to the `hubot-scripts.json` file in this
repo.

[hubot-scripts]: https://github.com/github/hubot-scripts

### external-scripts

Hubot is able to load scripts from third-party `npm` package. Check the package's documentation, but in general it is:

1. Add the packages as dependencies into your `package.json`
2. `npm install` to make sure those packages are installed
3. Add the package name to `external-scripts.json` as a double quoted string

You can review `external-scripts.json` to see what is included by default.

## Deployment

    % heroku create --stack cedar
    % git push heroku master

If your Heroku account has been verified you can run the following to enable
and add the Redis to Go addon to your app.

    % heroku addons:add redistogo:nano

If you run into any problems, checkout Heroku's [docs][heroku-node-docs].

You'll need to edit the `Procfile` to set the name of your hubot.

More detailed documentation can be found on the
[deploying hubot onto Heroku][deploy-heroku] wiki page.



## Restart the bot

You may want to get comfortable with `heroku logs` and `heroku restart`
if you're having issues.
